Changed link for nightly configurator (#504)
betaflight/betaflight.com: docs/wiki/release/Betaflight-4-5-Release-Notes.md

Betaflight 4.5 is an incremental release. The basic flight parameters have not changed from 4.4 to 4.5, although iTerm is slightly better suppressed.  Previous filters, PID settings, and other tuning values should not need to change.

:::note

> IMPORTANT: use Configurator 10.10!  The most recent release version is available [here](https://github.com/betaflight/betaflight-configurator/tags), or use the [latest nightly build](https://app.betaflight.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: use Configurator 10.10!  The most recent release version is available [here](https://github.com/betaflight/betaflight-configurator/tags), or use the [online app](https://app.betaflight.com).
```
